action: support flag to disable random cluster name (#2320)
elastic/apm-pipeline-library: .github/actions/oblt-cli-create-custom/README.md

| `token`                     | String  | Mandatory                   | The GitHub token with permissions fetch releases. |
| `cluster-name-prefix`       | String  | Optional                    | Prefix to be prepended to the randomised cluster name |
| `cluster-name-suffix`       | String  | Optional                    | Suffix to be appended to the randomised cluster name |

> | `random-seed`               | Boolean | `true`                      | Whether to skip the randomised cluster name |

Author: ```suggestion
| `skip-random-name`               | Boolean | `false`                      | Whether to skip the randomised cluster name |
```
